alright I'll I'll think about it
1 4 special
why do I feel like Blair
Rose has you completely whipped
she's marrying someone else in a month now
who knows if she will
did you find that thing I was looking for
don't come to my club
you use my man and you play with my girls
hey you're the one who said this was my second home
plus hey
I never touch your girls yeah right whipped
that's Connie Rose yeah
there you have it
Jack Marshall is fucking Blair's little cousin
that's probably why she's trying to fuck him over
no
I've known Blair since we were little kids
for her to do something like this
he must have done something unforgivable